In this exercise, you're asked to compute what an RTO might be for a given situation.
Let's take a look. At time zero, the problem occurs.
If it takes five minutes for an amount of time to pass before an alert is triggered,
another minute to actually trigger on call staff,
10 minutes to get staff out of bed to get their computers to log on.
Another 10 minutes before they can really start diagnosing the issue,
15 minutes to discover the root cause,
five more minutes to begin remediation,
and another 10 minutes to actually have that remediation completed,
looking at a total time of 56 minutes.
In this case, an RTO of one hour for this incident would be reasonable.